So let's have a look at how we can enable
SSL certificates on both the ALB and the NLB.
So if I look at the ALB,
I just have to add one listener, for example,
I will add a listener, and the protocol will be HTTPS
and the ports by default will be 443.
And then we can say, okay if the clients are using
the port 403 for HTTPS protocol,
then forward to a specific target group.
And then we can also have secure listener settings.
So we can say, we can actually set a SSL security policy
to see how to negotiate the certificates itself,
and this is based on if you need, for example,
previous compatibility with older version of SSL or TLS
and so on, so you can leave this as default
and then you need to say where this SSL
or TLS certificate is located
and so it can be in ACM, Amazon Certificate Manager,
but I currently don't have any,
so I won't see here one or from IAM,
but this is not recommended as domain method.
Or you can import it by just pasting the private key,
the body and the certificate chain here if need be
and then this will import the certificate itself
into ACM directly.
So it's a similar process for the network cloud balancer.
So if I go in the network balancer right here,
and have a look at the listeners,
I can add a listener of it being TLS,
and then we can forward to a demo target group right here
and then for security policy,
we can set whatever policy we want,
as well as choose where the certificate is from
so from SCM, IAM, or import, and finally we can set
an application layer protocol negotiation,
which I won't go over
but this is a pretty advanced setting for TLS.
So that's it, you've seen how to use SSL
or TLS certificates on your load balancers.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.